Foundation course video 1:
Gayathri in multiples of 3
Sit on Non COnducting surface
Use Mala 108
Cover ur head
Right hand mala near ur heart
use thumb and index finger to hold mala
and cover thumb index finger
think of prana rising to crown chakra

Taking bath downpour of water to head with Om Gam Gam Gam Ganapathaye namah

Very fast manner wont give jyotish but gives money power fame
Medium Speed good for spiritual progress 
Slow Speed focus on something
Face East slowly move to North
Once Japa is done, don't getup and walk to disipate to floor
don't change the maala or wear the mala

Do Saraswati Mantra:

Combinations:
Sun n Moon together.
Sun moon seing each other
Sun in mOon house MOon in SUn house.
Either of planet in one house (this is one way while rest above are two way)
Sun goes in moon house and Moon Aspects Sun.
Please don't use nakshatra exchange as a combination.

SUN:
Sun in any house soul is stuck over there. When Sun goes into particular house u will sacrifice for that house without any expectation ,will be blunt abt it fight for it.
You do it because u like to do it.
Sun 1st : Work for others continously.
Sun 2nd : Work selflessly towards family. soul attached to family.
Sun 3rd : Soul attached to hobbies,neighbours.
Sun 4th house : Attachment to father
Sun 9th house : Egoistic when it comes to religion..doesn't get along well with father..as ur father is trying to teach u a religion but u have ur own dharma
Sun  6th house : You will deal in solving others problems related to house significations.
Sun 10th house : You will work striving others business.
Sun 8th house : Start giving ideas to inlaws .burn yoursleves for inlaws.
Sun 5th house : Works selflessly for love, soul wants to learn, sould attached to kids.
Sun 6th house :
Sun 7th house :
Sun 11th house :
Sun 12th house :

MOON:
Illogicla. Where you want to enjoy. Moon is something that give u mental peace.Sometimes we don't know who we are becuase we are bounded by other planets.Moon is like water..whatver
u mix in water u become that particular part of it.
If moon sits in SUn's house like 5th house, and SUn goes somewhere in chart lets say 6th hosue...which is not linked to sun then mother controls the father.
works other way as well. Sun goes to 4th house and moon goes else where its not linked that time also works..father controls mother.

If moon and Sun have made relations,like 4 combinations mentioned money rlts issues, property issues,bad married life in family.Sun Moon in 6 8 position ..parents dont go along together.
Sun in Moon in sync good,,other wise fighting.
Sun in 5th ,Moon in 4th -> Moon to Sun 2houses,Sun to Moon 12houses-> Moon tells u to get relaxed work on yourselves..for SUN expenditure is Moon.Whenever you will go out for education
from mother Land u will suffer.Pick one and Sacrifice the Other.
Whenever Moon associates with any planet it absorbs its energy.
Poornamashi people usually do their own business.Job Security not there..don't prefer secure or routine jobs.in relationships
Amavashye people work under someone.
Sun-Jupiter 5th house father is a high ranking govt officer.
Sun-Moon in 4th house don't want to leave house/city.
Sun-Moon in 3-9 axis want to create own religion.
Luminaries should be free from afflication.

Moon-Sun    : Person exercises authority, fame and power. very stable .. get sgovt jobs. (Sun Moon conjunction).
Moon-Saturn :Saturn deep thinker,Saturn Moon independent profession.changes profession often. Saturn Moon(INdependent job after marriage].Person has to depnd
on his self efforts. he tells everything has gone bad blah blah.
Moon-Mars : cheating,very quick anger,money from body parts (yoga like tht,land) money from places where physicallly involved. Blood rltd issues.BP
Moon-Mercury : Someone can be healer in the family /doctor.Earn from disputes of people.Person asks question multiple times.
Moon-Venus : Extremely beautiful house, troubled married life,psycho spouses,females in family not very happy,female energy in house,classy in trashy way,trust issues. 
            extremely picky. gives irritation to lot of ppl. like living with person continously nagging and finding faults.
            Ask client ur spouse says that u must have donated gold to get me.
            Doesn't want to let his ego down in terms of Money.
Moon-Jupiter :Unsettling,Continous Learning, Has to leave home,extremely troubled childhood, continous transformation in life.u will  have ppl in your life who will
              continously guide u.person tells solution along with his problem.
Moon-Rahu : clutter, fake things, will get entangled in his own realm.Keep on accumulating things..fond of all limited edition branded stuff.Show off. Illusion of if I do this , I will get this.
            Mother is extremely social, u have to meet lot of ppl in work,continously meet different ppl in profession. Enlragement of organs ...Moon Rahu 5th house heart will expand.
            Major transformations rltd to money in their life. Person is extremely confused , don't know what to do..uses double words in question.
Moon-Ketu : Minimalistic , Satisfied with something u can't buy with money. Minimal houses. bare minimum requirement to qualify anywhere,Spiritual. Organ gets obstructed , cancer..
            Ketu libra , Ketu Shukra , Ketu in 7th house  prostate cancer will be the result. Gives continous thought of leaving as Ketu is 8th lord.
            Transformations rltd to spirituality.
            when u start beleiving in something ketu effect starts coming down.
            These ppl will ask nothing when they come to show the chart.
When u b
Moon 7th house person is very insecure about his sexuality.

After drawing Yantra if u want to dispose it, do the following:
- give to agni.prithvi,vayu, akash(Mandir)
- 1,5,9 houses give to agni
- 2,6,10 houses burry in earth
- 3,7,11 eatable form of yantra and feed it to birds.
- 4,8,12 flow it in water.





