Nakshatra- Air Element, Thoughts, how you think.

Derive thoughts from the Realm of Nakshatra lord.

Ketu Nakshatra- 
(Ashwini,Magha,Moola)
People born on ketu nakshtatra, they keep on walking (brisk walk).Look at their facial expressions.
They are pitris.They come back to same family to help them or take revenge.
to complete something that's left.
Throughout their life search for things that can give satisfaction.
They talk about karma, what is left in this world, always have detachment. take revenge in peaceful manner.
never commited to one place. they use words like "I am not permanent here.".Hardly cry on somebody's death.
help people but attachment is zero, can't force them to go to parties.
get thought process from spiritual world, extremely sensitive towards energies. always think about moksh.
All anxiety issues comes from ketu nakshatra.Only works for 7 years dasha.
unknowingly helping people and later regret it.
continuing work of ancesstors, donating for dead people.
Mars is life, Ketu is death...mars fights for survival.
Remedies thought process keep coming to your head.
Major mistake of Ketu : Feel ,don't have senses, so they react without thinking much, the moment they realise there
is a danger they go on full blast , not talking to them . Taking harsh decisions suddenly. extreme intuition.
Remedy: Start writing.Ask for forgiveness which is very difficult for ketu.
Best remedy do rituals related to communication with spirits. Don't keep regrets for helping people.
Wakeup 4am in morning, go to rooftop start talking, start praying,ask what you really want.happiness doesn't come easily to ketu.
don't understand whats troubling them.
Not listening to others, not feel taste,not understand what others will tell.
working on 6th sense.
Ganapati Atharva sheesham.
Get water from different places and mix and take bath.

Ashwini : Healers.(physical healing.)
Magha : Healers.(Healing at Spiritual level).
Moola : "

Navgraha ring,7 kada metals,24 manica mala.
Ketu : Cat's Stone.
Mix arkh.as 5 elements have to be balanced.

Venus Nakshatra: 
(Bharani,Purva Phalguni,Poorva Shaada)
here u have to be extremely focused and disciplined as u work
on complex stuff. Food , relationships, maintaining grace are important for them.
Keep complaining that I do so much for everyone but people don't come back to me.
more than money, relationship,food,house,comfort is important.
Need things to be in extreme order because even one pitch goes wrong in music people complain.
communication is not trait of Shukra.
Remedy: Dahi, Devi prayers, Wear perfumes,Reduce checklist.
Laxmi stotram, 
Bharani,Purva Phalguni,Poorva Shaada.
Everyone should respect me thought process.
Decorating the house. Respecting their partners is extremely important.
BOrn in this nakshatra becuase u were dishonest with spouse, not respecting spouse thats why u were born.
Vishnusahasranam, touching feet of husband.Avoid Finding faults in everyone.
Remedy: Everyone has mistakes but you make the best out of it.
Paralysis is becuase of excess of Jealosy  and drive .
Take care of food habits of husband.Wear loose gray clothes.

Best remedy: Mauno vrath,wear panna,silicon dioxide material wear it.
Venus-Jupiter : white sapphire.
Venus dasha - people with spread rumours,miscommunications.
Panchang remedies>>>Chart Remedies.

Sun Nakshatra:
(Kruthikka,Uttara phalguni,Uttarashada)
U should do everything according this particular standard.
Has a certain governing authority.Ego issues don't want to listen to others.
Kruthika-Natural Leader.
Uttarashada-good.nakshatra of wealth.peoples king.Capricorn so poor people.
Uttara phalguni-All about money, he makes way for money.
Sun is the only one who can provide food to others.
Ego issues.Anger issues.
Remedy : Give water to Sun.
Have confidence.
Moon or Jupiter can help him.
Remedy: Giving water to sun as Sun has high pith content, ur controlling pith content.
Wear Manik stone.
Jupiter helps Sun.
Ego issues: Go adn gift something to temple.

Moon Nakshatra:
(Rohini,Hasta,Shravana)
Nakshatra of Resources, using resources wisely,how can we be more helpful to others.
Done mistakes rltd to food,emotions,feeding others in past life.
Remedies like: Feed water,feed food,don't waster water,provide emotional support,take care of mother.Give respect to food,wear a pearl.
Please give respect to your food..don;t eat watching tv ,sitting on sofa.Don't consume food at every place you visit.
Don't consume food from people who are not happy.
Moon 8th house,moon in place where it feels fearful... be wise about where you eat food.
Moon 6th house- pls don't give emotional support, it will give you bad name.
Food cooked hurry/after fighting/or while on phone(Moon Mercury) can only give you troubles.
Moon 6th house can't eat without fighting.
Moon 11th house person eats every 2hours.
Moon 8th hosue keeps drinking water in between eating.
Moon 12th house, eating in bed.
without rules in food person suffers in life.
Eat one item at a day, Eat light morning and night..lunch heavy.
Wearing Yellow saphire.
Donate kheer,rice.
Eating alone is a sin , as there's no one to share your thoughts.
Share your food with the poor.

Brass-Meercury+Jupiter+Moon
GOld-Jupiter
Copper-Sun

Mars Nakshatras:
(Mrigashira,Chitra,Dhanishta)
Problems due to violence,sudden action,for not listening to anyone else,emotional traumas.
Blood related troubles,BP,Works selfelssly. The moment u do something selfish, that is the sin you have commited in realm of mars.
resding nakshatras betweeen earthy and airy sign.
Earth is very practical, Air is impractical.
The moment u tell u tell "I did this"problems happen.
these guys are materialistic oppposite nature of Ketu.
Extremely confident.
Remedies: Wear moongs, go to hanuman ji, hanuman chalisa, tell u how to becomes sevak.Donate masoor dhaal.STart doing sevsa from your physical body.
"Bhot pischach nikat 6th house".
Mars is focus. the moment u let go of ego things get better.
wear blue sapphire, polish the shoes.go and arrange shoes in temple.

Rahu Nakshatra:
(Ardra,Swati,Shatabisha)

