Tithi is how you feel. Governs feelings , flow of life. Yog is end results. TIthi is Water , solves 70% of life problems.

#Just a point Wherever ur hand is going that is the body part that requires healing.
#nervous people chew thumb if they lack noursihment/love.

moon does interplanertary communication. When Sun goes to Taurus on new moon gets messages from realm of zodiac and gives to Moon. Moon distributes the karma across
planet. when it touch each planet , u will remember that particular person on that day.

Pratipada (Sun)(Padya):Kameshwari Devi.
Desire, what I want in my life. Fire element governs them. They want things right now.They either become friends or enemies very quickly.Make their opinoins very quickly.
Don't have time. THese r the ones who changed world by their revolutionary ideas.These r people who want to start things on their own.Chases one goal after another without
any end, they don't sit and relax and enjoy what they have achieved. They can't sit in one place.They don't retire.Statrted new systems. People who have changes eras.Take great
pride in bringing down the old systems.ex: KN Rao. They never backdwon once they start doing something.Krihsna paksh much better than SHukla paksh. Shukla paksha very favourable
to governemnt coz very close to governemtn under govt control whereas in Krishna paskh , they r out of control of Sun.Bullish mindset. If someone challenges on their ego , they r
on different level. King Bali had conquered everything except swarga, but he wanted swarga nd didn't want what he had.But still he chased and tried to conquer the swarga but he lost
everything.Very particular about background lineage. Exessive desire will make u comeback to zero. They put pressure on other people as they are not getting what they want. They don't
have friends they just have goal partner.Ego is problem with them.They slef sabotage themeselves. Tell them pause and be grateful for what they have achieved.Even if u have pratibada
phal natures, then do this vrath even if u don't have this chart combination. Have issues giving respect to other people.Usually tell he knows nothing usually for any person that's the attitude.
"Father related issues, got embarrased by father or father not supportive . this is what they feel for father."
Even if they do something bad, their name shouldn't come in anything. Usually they don't do bad things because of honour.Honour is a major thing.
"Sauri vrath on Pratipada".
When Sun is in Taurus sign Pratipada happens.
Pratipada dosh happens only if it happens on Wednesday otherwise no Dosh. Becuase Mercury creative day wednesday, and pratipada is fire element. Fire and Earth causes the tithi dosh.
Red Hibiscous flower plant parikram.Use this flowers to pray to lord shiv. 
Give respect to other people and married life will be ok.Constantly working in one domain is not possible.
Can't sit and enjoy music.
Dagdh Raashi : Raashi qualities got nullified in life. 2 raashi's which they don't give their proper essence. 
Pratipada people  Dagdh Raashi is Libra. During their marriage whatever they are wearing is not very expensive/or very showoff.Another raashi is Capricorn , So these are not Hardworkng
people, they can't work on particular task for a long time. Pratipada ppl should keep on changing jobs or needs to get promotion very often..don't like to work hard.
You can start anything in this thithi that requires Management.U can sart anything.Don't sign partnershps on Pratipada.Good for leadership roles. Hiring an employee no.
Prathipad one Sunday Amritha Yog. Eerything u touch becomes Amritha.
       
Bidige/Dwithiya(Devi:Bhagamalini):Pride,Element is earth,Starts when u have to generate something.Great attention to how they dress,image,outer appearence,extremely confident.very prominent
about their looks.When u accept changes, accept diversity, accept other people in life, how I can increase my resources.what good can I see in others. (Keeping child in the womb).Nobody
should get hurt, she has to protect kid all time. these are the people who are protective. sensitive towards other feeling.Milk,Yoghurt,Dhesi ghee. Moon of 2nd day has to be extremely 
sensitive and always hidden.Keep family,money hidden.These are the people who should not travel much, as they will experience losses when they travel.they always require comfort.When u buy
items in this tithi extremely good.Brilliant Fertility. 
Bharani nakshatra/Dwithiya thiti they touch the patient get the preganncy: Very good doctors.
whatever they make they will nourish you.
Give birth to new ideas.Need them to implement ideas in life.
Feeling which will help them in life is, how I can help others. what is the one thing that I will do that will help others.
Negative point ===Too much of rest,too much of comfort zone not changing is Not good for them.when downfall is happening they will not change at all, they will be like let us see for few 
days.Please get out of comfort zone, start travelling meaning get out of comfort zone,visit various people.
If they switch sides with people becuase other side has more money, it creates backlog karma for them.
Even in bad times if u stick with your family,finances don't cheat with it, it will start giving good results...(Requires patience,honesty),
"Netrapani" Vrath....right judgement from the eyes.
How many people in my family have resources to help me out ... this is the thought process...sees for resources in relationship.
remedy: bamboo utensils (mercury) 48 different fruits donate on 12 to brahmins,12 to pitr,12 to self,12 to animals on a both dwithiya tithi when Sun is in Taurus.
Extremely carefull,caring,whom we can trust that they won't hurt anyone.
Major challenge in life is family..I am nourishing someone and there will be expectation for that.
Dwitiya with VYatipat yog, suddenly some expenditure is going to happen, suddenly something rltd to family is going to happen.
Emotion is related to 2nd house.

Tadige/Thritiya(Nrityaklina Devi):Always in reactive mode.Smallest of action , there will be reaction. Don't listen to absorb knowledge listen to reply.Then they comeback telling they
are alone and have problems with relationships.Reason being for relationship to work u have to listen to both point of view.Reactive mercury.Find small mistakes in relationships doesn't
have bigger picture about relationships.End of the day become like lamp post , guide everyone end of the day no one wants to talk to them.Born out of sweat, parents must have done great
work like pooja for their birth.Lot of Hardwork will be required if you want to start anything on this day.Lot of ppl will be pissed of if u start something on this day. Devtha is 
Karthikeya.Does everything and doesn't get recognition , like ganehs got fame and not karthikeya.Choose bigger fights.Learn to respond when to respond.Timing is important for these 
people. Harrasment within family, problems in family.good in handwriting or singing . something related to showing off. Their own qualities will become problem in family. "Family disputes
in common for these people.Fight is necessary for these native."
Rambha trithiya vrath.
If Sun and Moon gets exalted during Akshay Trithiya,If u buy something new on this Day, it is going to increase.But ppl who have problems within family should go and do trithiya vrath like
Akshaya trithiya vrath.
If Tithi falls on Sunday(Backup from family),Tuesday(Extremely Agressive),Wednesday(Verbal fights),Thursday(Fight with Guru or more like Debating, Ego due to knowledge,),Satruday (Struggle)
DP of these native show power, status, weapons ,,,showoff.Necessary for them to carry a CARD,Visitor Card.
Dagdh Raashi : Leo,Capricorn...problems related to They cannot take things and relax and enjoy, they feel like paying back.Leo quality missing(to claim their rights). Even if they become
boss, they will go and work in field.They want to portray themselves that they need to work hard.Leo is the quality they need to learn over time, Stablity and avoid giving Straight forward answers
these are the qualities they need to develop over time.Another quality they need to learn is to work continously disciplined. These people frequently change what they work on unable to stick
to one particular thing. Jack of all trades but not fixing their energy at one point . GO FOR MANAGEMENT CLASSES

Chaturthi (Empty tithi Riktha tithi)(Ganesh)(Bhairavi): Appearance is a bit different physically, buy clothes,ornaments make sure they will notice them.Own brother always making fun of ganesha
lortds making fun of him. So thats why he has to comeback one day. Remedy for these people is to Start writing as ur not good with communication. Sentence start from one end goes in loop 
and ends up elsewhere, sudden topic change.This is how convey methods, need sequence. Taurus is dagdh raash , not good with communication.Different in appearence. No work prosper on this
day , as u will start doing something it will end up somewhere. This is the day Jyotish was born. THis is day u should start learning something that u were thinking from long time , something
which doesn't have logical conclusions.
Remedies: Accept urselves, know urslef who u are like Ganesh ji.U have to take ideas from someone and start implement ideas in ur way until then ur absolute zero.
Expectation is to break time in between.
Since, 0 tithi start something very new in family , where people question intially why he is doing like that.
Another Remedy : Ganesh Atharvam Pooja. Done for 3 days/6 days. Draw with flowers different types of mudras of shree ganesh. and do the path of ganesh for those days, end give siddhi ganehs.
or u want to do yourselve get haldi ganesh.
Dagdh Raashi : aquarius and taurus. They don't know what they want or what to ask in life. DOn't have final goal,when trying to speak , they don't have goal as to what they want to convey. Speak gibberish.
0 tithi has to create vaccum in the area wherever u r working.
Better to meditate , start jyotish and read something new.
"Jyotisha is for Zero tithis.""Basically these concepts come from nothing zero become open to receiving"
If Zero tithi falls on 3,6,8,12. Rahu Ketu Falls on zero Raashi they know its vaccum and rahu ketu is itself vaccum , they don't get troubled in it.
But if Mars,Ketu goes in zer0 raashi then it becomes trouble.

Panchami (Vaahini Vaasini)(Moon)(Scholar: Siddhi prasad):5 elements, all about knowledge. They are the ones who will run towards the knowledge, for the sake of enjoying not other intensions.
Multiple degrees, Double Phds, Their deities , Pitr and Naagas...cannot enjoy with these. Jupiter planet. Best day to do Mundan,Upanayana, Start school, ask for knowledge.They need to 
find a true goal.They have to go through several things in life to bring their ego down. Control element is not there. Must have come across situations in life which made them realise
knowledge is necessity part of life.how to use the knowledge for betterment of society.Creative fire which drives them. They require course for their soul.
Dagdh Raashis: "Gemini" (sign of curiosity, arguments,practice)These people learn stuff but don't practice or implement stuff in life.Siblings,companion,sports,hobbies are all absent for them or
don't get along with siblings/friends. THeir whole focus is on Saggitarius...so they need to learn how to make friends, how to go out on short trips. (Air tihti jupiterian air).
How to plan for a weekend trip. I will buy a house and live there only, makes long goasl and finds it difficult or don't like to make short goal.
"Virgo" the more knowledge comes desire to fight,resist becomes 0,diseases will come down. Avoid fights , until and unless its required. Not ment to fight. Very difficult for them to 
fall  sick.Very difficult fight.This is the thithi where Sun and Moon are in 5,9 angle so very difficult for them to go in arguments.
Remedies : Praying to Naagas, Pitrs,
Apply Swasthik chandhan tikka with a short hair on head. For girl keep the pony tail up.As this is where the 5 senses meet , where shiks is kept by brahmins.
THis is the person in family who doesn't have relationships.Whom will u go to ask how I can give IT Exam usually Panchami tithi.They will be introverts, if u speak them in knowledgebase
very deligthed.
Devi Saraswati.

Shashti (Vrajeshwari):Boy/GIrl in class who was punished for being outspoken.(Element:Fire)(Planet: Venus).
Remedy: Sit in Vajrasana, lower abdomen will have gas issues which will be sorted out by sitting in varjasana,
These people are extremely blunt on face don't mind thier words, hardworking,extremely materialisitic, give practical advises to people.Problems of evil eyes,
Wage a war on this day u win.if u make the first move.
Their only problem is sexual issues, lower abdomen problems,progeny issues, very conscoius about their appereance,Thithi with whom u can't mess with.
Remedy: Do something for nature, Planet trees, go and live within the Jungle. on shashti day and do till one month.
These people get lot of chances in life to become forest officer. Deal in products related to nature.
Do something to the nature rain water harvesting.
FIghts , court cases start decreasing once these remedeis.
Crush pomograneate andpoured over shree yantra as a devi sadhana.Also remedy when ur feeling sick, basically u do shashti vrath to protect progeny.
Born becuase of crime commited against nature.
Remedy : Dancing , Tandav (Bhagvan shiv did tandav on shashti tithi). If it falls with agressive vaar or agressie yogas, If Sunday-Issues with govt,father,egos will increase.
If Monday fights for the sake of foods.
(Shukl Shashti Vrath)
Dagdha Raashi : Aries and Leo. Aries dagdh becuase they aren't taking care of themselves.they don't know when to stop something in life.Another problem is progeny.

Saptami (Indra)(Kaladrithi)(Shivadoothu is teh devi)(Saturn):Self command , disciplined, they have the amsh of ishwar, their name will have some kind of God realted
to them.These are the people who will protect u , who will act as the shield for different people. They don't give up things easily, don't start things easily, don't settle
.Stockholm syndrome, they start enjoying their misery itself.They don't like to bring new changes in . Childhood goes extremes (extreme rich or extreme poor).
This is the tithi where people start getting physical deformity.Whichever body part represented by the Var, that body part will get damaged. Saptami onTuesday Blood issues.
Saptami Friday - Problems to wife, Monday - asthama,wife..not proper flow fo oxygen. They don't go on extreme ends in life. So they start acting as a protector shield, Strategist.
Their requirement for partners changes.(Homosexual charts)(SOmething unusual in married life saptami). Leg issues Saturday born short legs maybe.This thithi brings lot of
miseries as well.
Maximum trouble related to houses..either they don't own houses,left their houses back home.When they start constructing houses, they start getting problems.Thithi never
supports for house constructions.Until and unless they leave own country,own house,own family, respect doesn't come to them.
Settling down is not for you.
Their bhagya runs with energy of bhoomi , after that need to go to other place and get energy from there.
Don't get attached to constructions...this is what Saturn teaches.
You appreciate your new phone ...and tell good things about it,,,in one week , the phone will stop working.
Appreciate anything with your eyes and that particular thing stops working.
DON'T PRAISE ITS NOT FOR YOU.
DON'T GET INTO COMFORT ZONE.
Remedy : Until and unless u keep following Saturn protocol things will be fine.Keep it hidden don't show off, learn to be stingy with money.Don't reveal things before it
happens. The moment u show off get ready for bad experiences in life.
Salt water Bath, becuase they keep on stroing negatvie experiences
*****OUT OF TOPIC NOTE
Use house more for the remedy than the Raashi.
Saturn has habit of storing negative emotions,
SAturn Moon - Jasmine Tea
Saturn Sun - Hibiscous Tea
Saturn Mars - Dhalchini Tea
Saturn Mercury - Green Tea
Saturn never kills
Saturn disease TB, Lungs issue.
Premium cards come in Black (Saturn)
ENtry Cards come in Red (Basic essential).
CHoose bank BLue color
*****
Dagdh Raashi : Cancer,Saggitarius...The moment you start staying in comfort zone ,secure that is when problem will strike. Getting comfortable is not an option for you guys.
lving in one place is not for you people. 
Saggitarius : THese people don't follow guidelines or rules, they make thier own rules which are order like without any tweaks.They don't take advices lightly.


Ashtami(Ardanarishwar)(Rahu)():It gives best insight.Most Balanced Tithi.This is the day u should not make important Decisions.Day of Balance . Krshna born on krishna ashtami,
Radha on Shuklashtami.Krishna always tilted but still creates balance.This is the thithi where u do justice and maintian the balance.
Never ever go on war on this tithi. Very Diplomatic Tithi , deal stuff with Diplomacy. Sarcasm is the quality for these natives. Diplomats, Negotiators. People who work on 2 extreme
ends. Married life always good. Even if they have extra maritals going on, still their married life won't get impacted. These people know how to balance.Master of Balancing.
If tithi falls on SUnday,U can call govt officer for negotiaion.Rahu communicates its thoughts very effectively.
Dagdh Raashis are : Gemini,Virgo....
All vraths for them is to create balance. These people suffer mainly because of disbalance in their life. Either extremely rich , dunno where their money is,
or extremely poor.
Extremely good or bad married life, disbalance will make them suffer.Very good kids very bad kids.
Constantly balanceeveryone please veryone, they endup getting tired with this in their life.
They feel like they are being bounded by so many things.
They want to finish one thing and move out.
Sun goes in Taurus do Mahalakshmi Vrath for 8 Ashtamis u will be blessed with money.
Sun goes in Leo do the Putrh Vrath fro 8 ashtamis for kids.
Essentially removes Disbalance.
Wherever Sun is in chart, that's the house that is in disbalance, to balance that native has to as a remedy , do the fasting on that particular day.
Bhagvan Krishna continously travelled changed places.
If you travel no this thithi and expected that thing will happen that will lead to balance of energies.
They get in contact with some outsider from differnt realm...If on Tueday come in contact of Policemen,Property dealer.
Whatever is disbalanced in your life write it down on this thithi."I don't have enough money etc etc".do it for 8th days.
Wherever Sun is present that area is disbalanced.SUn in 4th house,disbalance in comfort at home.
These are the people who have broken rules,broken boundaries,manipulative.Vage wars.

Navami(Kalasundari)(Zero tithi): People who are extremely bounded by rituals,family values,who carry lineage.follows the tradition not able to break it.I cannot break the rules if the other is playing by bad rules.
Fear of getting Bad family name.Lot of pressure within the family.Family drama, even if people are putting blockage not fighting back.These people when they go out of their comfort zone,
they are extremely sensitive. Just like how confident ram was in Dandakaranya as its his land/comfort zone. Idea of fighting is not for Navami tithi.
These people cannot claim their right even if it belongs to them.That's why Leo Dagdh raashi.
Another Dagdh raashi: Scorpio. To leave anyone,to kill anyone, its not their cup of tea.leaving people telling goodbye , its very difficult for this people.Good at creating stuff.
They are like this kid " I know the answer in the class but I was not able to say, I was confused..I was able to answer but I didn't want insult anyone..too sensitive.".
Extremely sensitive people towards feelings.
They open their eyes and look like they are crying.
need to pray to fierce god like Khal Bhairav.so that they will be able to break the norms and traditions and be able to say, I need this,I require this , this is my right.
need to pray to maa kaali , someone who has broken all the rules. when praying offer blue fruit, offer blue lotus or blue flower.

Dashami(Nityadevi)(Dasha avatar)(Yam):Very disciplined people extremely patient people.They come down to earth to perform a certain task.
Who ever goes against rules, they will go crazy with them.Obedient workers.Can't work with chaturthi/shashti tithi ... follows SOP.
Remedy : Create a discipine , maintain a daily routine for one god.Any information u want to download from sky, these are the people best in 
it.10th house is the planet which is the karm u doing, and if that karm doesn't give result, they feel demotivated.
Dashami thithi if they don't get appreciation , get demotivated and then leave the task then and there itself, thats why they should do short
goals.
Perfect tithi to hire employee.For putting rules in action perfect tithi.
If u marry on dashami there will be discipline, romance is not possible on Dashami tithi SO NOT GOOD ENErgy of Yam.
Dashami on Wednesday good for acountancy .
Drawing no,singing no.
Dagdh Raashi : Leo , Scorpio ....as they can't satisfy with what they have, enjoyment is not theme..achieve something and then go behind another goal.
These people don't take extremes in life.Progress bit by bit.Can't handle major transformation in life.Can't suddenly change city, can't suddenly marry
or date someone.Require things to go in very sequential orders.
Try to climb mountains Remedy.
Climbing uphill,the moment u reach peak u get mental satisfaction.
Please make short goals on short intervals.

Ekadashi(Nitraka)(Kuber):Absent minded tithi, ENergy of Healing. This is the day where emotions on a level where your brain wants break to heal yourselves.
Today is the day to do brain dead activity.Until you don't go to that zero mode you won't be able to heal. Wear loose clothes on that particular
day.Tigther the clothes are, brain is very active.
These people have strong subconscious brains, most of the life they work or take decisons with subconscious mind. WOrk on their instincts.
Gardening, Does brain dead activity just to heal themselves.
Relies on Magic rather than working hard.Boses always have offices at the top floor.
Creating wealth from their brain . 
These are the people who don't work in active jobs, they work in passive jobs where they get idea once in a year something like that.
Accountants,Engineer anything that involves rules doesn't work well where u have to come to office everyday.
Dashami and Ekadashi aren't compatible.Dashami checks small goals one after other ekadashi is opposite.
don't force Dashami thithi to involve in sports stuff like that..
Tell them to do something they can do once in one time.
Suffering from any disease lay down with loose clothes lay down in shesha shayi form, chant vishnusahasranam sing some songs.eat light food.
This is thithi u should not consume any kind of Rice,Wheat or any kind of grains.
Energy not suitable Dagdh : Saggitarius,Pisces..not ok for them to work on long term goals,higher principles.
Pisces: Pisces has energy of letting go ,resting..these people can't let their brain go into absolute rest. their always thinking.Semi sleep state.

Dwadashi()():Karmic Tithi where u get whatever you have done in life.These people don't have control over their life.
Remedy: Make 108 pind and these pind represent body of people who are not in this earth.pind made by cow dung...light up and rotate it around the house
and then keep it either in temple either outside house or at junction points and let it burn.
The feeling which crosses your mind is...108 things are actually my karma that I am burning those karma.
Dwadashakshari mantra : Om Namo Bhagavathe Vasudevaya... works even if any planet in 12th house or running 12th house dasha and not giving good
results, can try this.
Leo,Scorpio dagdh rashi

Trayodashi (Pradosh kaal)(Shiva)(Sarvamangala): Feeling is let go of everything,moksh,liberation.People here are not in the mood to create things,they are in mood to let things
go off.This is the thithi where you should not plan , anything or get into contracts or achieve anything. This is thithi where u should think
of ending things. Thithi where statistically lot of accidents happen. As people start loosing control over their body. These are the people who
will be very detached and still working in their profession.don't get attached to company,place or things.Saturn will create problems. Gas issues,
Bone issues, problems relaed to Job.They will leave one thing and move to another.0 tithi to wake up from the senses.
Problem with these people is becuase they don't have attachment to people . They leave things and move on.
Consistency is the problem.
Remedy: Shiva riding nandi bull and parvati riding lion/tiger get painting or idol as the way they are seating is important So that atleast
the animal is carrying you forward.
Kamdhenu idol pooja.So that u get calm by looking at the cows.
Madar,Ark,Kaneer plants.
taurus leo dagdh rashi.
Lot of gods came to earth on this day.

Chaturdashi(Kali):People who u need to be very careful of.Never mess with them.They will hold to anger for a long time.Perfect to wage a war on someone. Serpentine force.
Kind of planning goes through their head to take the revenge.There will be times in life when they had to take hard decisions.There will be times in their life when change everything
leave everything behind and show what they are capable . if thithi falls on saturday,tuesday this is when they are very good with expressions,very refined.if this thithi
falls on monday all that storm goes in emotional level now.These are the people who are not conscious about their looks.whatever I will look like its fine. Self Sacrifice
themselves for other people /or self can go either way.Let me sacrifice to get this done either in most fierce way.
All dual signs are Dagdh Raashi:Gemini,Virgo,Saggitarius,Pisces got Dagdha stithi there's no duality.straight forward needs to be done.Ready to fight.
Somebody has died by mistake,out of time, murder,accident,sucide,(akaalamruthyu).Always do diya for them to show path to them that this is where you will need to go.Make
diya out of wheat flour every chaturdashi tithi amd make 4 corners light 4 batti diya outside ur house.any oil.
Live for an Agenda.
Good for Sports competition.
More fierce the person is more violent the crime has happened.fighting to maintain balance in family,office. necessary devils.
Remedy : Narasimha Kavach,Narasimha Vrath.(to channelize energy).
or Kaala Bhairavashtakam.
Somewhat psycho lesser compared to Poornima,Amavasye.

Poornima()()(Lunar eclipse only happen)
Amavasye()()(Solar eclipse only happen):
These are the people in life either everything or nothing.Insomanie issues, sleep paralysis issues.Most amount of Extra Maritals.
These are people who either don't start something, they go mad about one song and keep repaeting it forever. All the psycho people you meet
in the life.Imbalanced people. To argue with them its not possible.Extremely passionate people. 
Outer appearance doesn't matter. How they are feeling today.

Krishnna Paksha: Introvert,people do in silent.
Shukla Paksha : They show what they are doing, extrovert.
Tithi

Don't buy Oil on Saturday.
Don't eat fried food on Sunday.as ur eating Saturn food on Sun's Day.
Lalkitab : Any clothes given by emplyer don't wear them as u will get control under the employer , so buy your own clothes.

VAAAR:
Monday : Is a good day to start conversation, Gather food items , talking to relations, and praising people.FOod items will be highly consumable.
Spending on food is not everyones cup of tea.Working on emotions is energy of MOnday.
Monday is not enemy to anyone but Saturn Ketu Rahu deosn't go along. 
PRashna Technique : Your meeting someone on MOnday and that person is eating Rahu food (Spicy,2 minutes food,burgers) The person whatever information 
he gives , he is lying. and he is posted.
If he is consuming Ketu food - Cheese,Pizza,Andything Triangle,Fermented food. whatever person is saying he tells truth but gives half info.
Moon-Ketu : They don't give proper information.
U meet person who is drinking Tea,(Saturn). That person is going to give Bad information.Or might lie.
Person eating sweet or normal food kichdi - Person is ok , work will be done person will be telling the truth.

Tuesday : Action oriented day, BP Runs on higher mode. Friends of Mars:Moon,Jupiter Enemies: Saturn,Rahu Extremely Malefic: Ketu,Mercury.
So if you enter and person wearing green colour things, or using calculator, or he is showing any kind of mercurian trait wide smile,jokes,cartoon,
The person will not align with the energy.
Person carrying machinery,looking at phone , checking his Watch : Mars+Ketu..
Person has some Cut, Half sentences 
CHeck shirt check pants, multiple colours : He is not in you r favour Ketu.
Shaking legs, adjusting the shoes on tuesday : 
People with Rolled Sleeves have a very strong Mars, they don't want to show their power until and unless its required.Be careful with them,
as they get very blunt when you try to offend them.

Wedneday : 
       friends: Moon,Venus
       enemy: Mars
       teacher : jupiter
       depression : Saturn
       contrl him:Sun
If I am listening to GOvernemnt new on Wednesday then Sun controls that day.Day becomes controlled or if you see and government symbol.
If you see any warrior symbol on tuesday, not good for that day , or talks about land deals...I tell them to wait.
Talk about hobbies,singing,books,printoing issues, hobbies thats meant for wednesday.
Break in something like broken tooth,not aligned lips,Ketu doesn't get along with Wednesday.or suddenly tear of a page from the book.

Thursday :
       Any thing with Saturn : This person will become stubborn.
       Saturn meets Jupiter , it becomes suttbborn fat.
       THis person will not feel shamed doing something wrong...(Ju+Sa)
       Books,Knowledge ,Guru ,wisdom are good on Thursday ..
       Systematic knowledge not good.

Friday : 
       Relationship,
       Wearing good clothes,clothes of cotten ,good material
       Dressing up gracefully.
       Someone who hasn't dressed well on saturday , doesn't comb his hair , doesn't appy perfume, Don't interact with him - Will create negative energy.
       Someone comes with Ketu signification on friday - his relationship is going to break or broken.
       If someone is continously speaking on phone on friday , talking in loud voices - 
       Don't wear tight clothes on friday and Thursday - will make you think in bigger terms.
Saturday : day for hardwork,day for patience,deeply think for bigger goals of life.
       Starting journey, delays , frustration.
       Not shaving on Saturday - Ketu it will affect business profession.
       Fridge Installation on Saturday is ok

Remedy for love problem : On Friday,wear good clothes loose clothes..plain colour gray color.U will understand wisdom of Shukra.Art and Craft
                            Get couples photo get it framed.
                            Eat Shukra Food - Curd,Potato
                            Applying curd ovre chest while taking bath to reduce fights in relationship.
                            

Note : Pink is Surya Color.
       Gray is Shukra.
       Contrast colour - white and black - Ketu
       Mars - Honey,Blood, Eye brows,Chest,
       
       

If you don't get muhurat atleast Vaar should be favourable.
-Can't start education on Saturday.start on Thursday good.
-Can't start a new job on Friday.
-Start business on Sunday.or when Sun is exalted or prominent in sky.
-House warming on Tuesday not good.

Saturn creates resistance, adding oil redces resistance.
Someone feeling lethargic tell them to go body massage.
When out of ideas, go to barber and do head massages.

Kapoor oil-Venus.
Ghee - Jupiter.

If Vaar u don't follow, you will experience lot of problem.

Spatika - Venus.
Rahu  in Saggitarius : Has lot of Tricks under his sleeves. Rahu is under sleeve. trying to fool people ..fake guru.
