Here are below yogas and its prediction.

1. Vishakumbha:(Bad yoga) Extremely Disciplined, Always have to support others have to work for others,bear the pressure, will be punished for smallest of mistakes,
chances to go to Jail in this life.People expect you to become flawless.Person will not have any relation. Doesn't get along with anyone.Speaks in very bad tone ,blunt
pissing off as he is tired working for others. One person on whom we can rely during bad times. Have to be extremely cruel to get the job done.

2. Preeti: (Joy,love,attachment) Person is very affluent,extremely luxurious, he has to save everything, very good with social connections,After age of 30 person will have\
major changes in life. as he brags about how much money he has how much connection he knows leads to extremely bad married life. Will not be respected by family members.
Person who openly raise voices, and everyone thinks the person has lot of money. When doing anything in preeti yog if a person tells like I have lot of connnection, he is
basically lying. Speaks a lot does little. Support from father and will not be respected by father. Father will tell u know everyone coz of me.

3. Aayushman:(Long life) Person will be very supportive to others, usually they will go into Medicine, or any tech which can increase life.But they don't get along with 
Siblings. Also, the first kid will be extremely troublesome. Doctors,Yoga Teachers,Alternative medicines.

4. Saubhagya:Extremely skilled. will learn many practical trades, will go by the book , hardworking,extremely miser to use resources,(how I can manage my resources more 
efficiently).They are very strong with their money.People actually hide their money, extremely talnted.seen good and bad.seen troubles.thats why they know value of money

5. Shobhana:Presentable,Centre of attraction, prestige, unexpected rise in life, Nobody would have expected that he will be at that particular high level of life coz ppl
thought u weren't sincere enough.The person's image is like Useless. If married in this yog intially none will notice and then later u get centre of attraction. More people
abuse you in this yog, more ppl abuse better u go up in life. these ppl go through bad experiences and that is why they are determined that I will do something in life.
till 15 16 years of age nobody respects them, this makes them decide that one day I will shine so bright that these ppl doesn't understand my vision.After 40 ppl rise in
life. One man army. But sexual issues. these people face troubles in the married life.

6. Atiganda(extremely joint point):2 points meet, extremely 2 different energy meet, this will create extremely strong headed personality.They can't go work in a simple
manner.Dictators , revenge people, nobody to carry name in forward in life. whatever they touch goes bad. whichever department they go in or whichever family they go in,
starts going down. or they go through their extremes of life.

7. Sukarma:(Doing Good Deeds) Person does good deeds just to save himself. Intention , what is in it for me. He will tell infront ur the best astrologer and no one has 
predicted in this way this good.Trying to be in good books of people. They want to secure their positon. In any condition they don't want to loose their power. Person
will have problem with 2nd wife and alcohol.Does Pooja in morning and Night will be in Bar. he will have 2nd wife(extra marital). Business Owners.Exteremely cunning about business.
what resource where to put him on work.MOney is not problem.Prashna sukarma yoga comes - Problem is position or wife.

8. Dhriti(Out of the box thinkers):Hold folds in very bad time.Extreme amount of patience. THese are the people when bad time comes they will come with unusual idea. or they tell
it had to be done, I have no other options.Problem comes they become lead runner. Can't win fights with them.Very Patient. THey wait for their turn , they wait for the other
person to do mistake and once done , they will catch u basically with eyes only. They are good with lawyers , negotiators, counsellor.

9. Shoola:(Pain) These r the people who fight on psychological level. they are angry,frustrated due to lot of mistrust from close people. They stop trusting their own husbnad spouses kids.
Extremely angry because loved once leave them.always mistaken for whatever they do in life very confrontational energy, stomach issues ,married life extremely bad.
these are peope who will become dissapointed in life because whomever they trust will eventually turnout against them.Will teach and train a lot of people. In good times
they help lot of people. By the time they reach mid 40s they realise whoever they had helped they actually creating troubles for them , this actually breaks them.
Give out any help during shool yoga, please don't expect anything good from them.

10. Ganda(Joint): Destruction of all near and dear ones. They have to actually go out and do education somewhere. No attachement to anyone in life.They become so alone in life
that they have better understanding with drivers than family members. Very rich, Multiple marriages.Wonderful for economy. Good at economics,bankers. good at running an
economic system.Bring economic policies which are very different

11. Vriddhi(Growth):whichever condition they are born in , after birth parents and themselves start rising in life and only after later stages of life, they will have complete
results of this yog. They have married life troubles only in the old age.Fond of increasing position. They will have lot of valuables in home as a showcase to show it to 
different people. If they don't show what they have, doesn't satisfy them. (Good yog).

12. Dhruva:(Steady character)(Bright star  in sky) aquire fame very easily. they become references for other people. Can be extremely good or bad references and their image
is hard to change. they feel like they are stuck with one image and difficult to change.They feel they aren't able to use rest of skillset becuase they are bound to this
fame.good doctor,good lawyer,good principals.

13. Vyaghaata(Becarful of this):GOod for starting fights. don't start anything auspicous in this.Cruel,Beating things which are off the record. they develop fighting
techniques. Peope who design how can we fight , or fighting games, scientist who make nuclear bombs.anything started in this yog result is beating. as they start growing
they go in phase of how I can fight with other people.

14. Harshana:(Excitement) ALways want to do something new, always want to showw off but they use their power to get things. Don't like to pay this is where they do mistakes.
credit goes to someone else, paperwork related issues,blame from women even though character is alrgiht. Wife is very supportive. Even for 10 minutes they talk to women
there will be rumours spread that those 2 are together.Wan't to spread rumours this is the yog, if u want to become famous this is the yog.want to create ripple excitement
in other people.Rumours will follow everywhere he will go. Very good in creation (writers, people who develop new techniques).

15. Vajra:(Diamond)weapon used by Indra. These are people born after sacrifices. these people came to earth because someone asked for them or requested them to come.extremly
strong minded, good physical body, extremely tough, good with tools and operating things . They don't like to stay at one marriage,one place,one institute for a long time.
these people want chagne everytime (thrill).Considered bad due to extreme nature. If your starting something during the vajra yog,you have to take veryhard decisions which u
know some people will not be happy.

16. Siddha:(Stands for Ganesh) Anything which you have acomplished, very generous people , loose clothing, carefree, extremely careless , walk in a careless fashion with clothes
going around. one slipper one color and another slipper another color.Don't care about what other people are going to think. enough power in them that they know nobody can
make them feel bad. Fun people to hangout with , they never give tensions to anyone, whatever happnes in life they are like we will handle it. always smiling in face but they
are extremelycareless thats their problem.

17. Vyatipaata:(not good yoga)(calamity) foolish,give pain to others, argumentative and these are the people who will destroy entire career,married life due to some  reasons
which u cannot even understand. Self Destructive, but at the same time if somebody is there to guide them , these people after age of 37 , the yoga starts getting phalit
thats when life starts getting bad. like they will leave wife for some young girl example.stupid decisions.life turn upside down in a very short period of time like 15 days
Not a good yoga. Remedy during Ashlesha Nakshatra do Sarpa Suktham in Shiv Temple. They invite troubles.

18. Variyaana:(Blissful yogas) these people are extremely into money, whatever they touch becomes money , but at the same time, they Pray to Demi-Gods. extremely knowledge,
beautiful house, but who ever has it, they will have relationship issues within family like sister relation or married to wife and then married to another sister.(something like that).
Never face money troubles. But always have relationship troubles.(Deepanshu giri has).As they grow brain changes like I am doing my work , do not disturb.

19. Parigha(Bad yoga):Good yoga for becoming CA, or someone who can play with Money or RUles or someone who can continously upgrade themselves with rules.Yoga to go bheind
iron bar or jail. These ppl are continously under scrutiny or have to deal with government or very close bosses. very sharp in their work.Shastra says doing lot of unacounted
financial transactions using loopholes is bad.Cheating involved with money and inturn will have problems with respect to money.

20. Shiva:Blessings of Shiva,Dedication,person works without goal.Person not concerned about the output.He will do what is right, irrespective of it makes profit or loss.
work for happiness than money or goal or targets. Marriage has special elemnt like lord shive marriage. PErson living in kailash marries the parvati queen.Commited examples
the bride meets with accident before marriage and the person still commited to that person and married that person so that everyone can shutup and stop presuming.
They have never imagined that they will reach this particular stage of life.People are so confident and they leave evreything on god. If they take right decision, nature
helps.

21. Siddhi:Get something very special, get special kind of energy, can predict.Controller of senses. very careful about noises , smell. particular of 5 senses. any disturbances
of 5 senses, they become extremely conscious. Good with advises,miracles ,knowledge and also good for the emergency purposes.By following certain routiness they expect this this
has to be the outpout (Expects Results at the end.) Always in agreement with God.Whenever u start work in siddhi yog, they are very clear, this is what I want . Rate of
Return very clear on paper. They get trouble in one of the 5 senses.family will have one person who has lost one of the senses.

22. Saaddhya:The one who has to be achieved. Extremely hardworking,goal focused, they use people in life.people call them selfish in nature.


23. Shubha:


24. Shukla:


25. Brahma:


26. Indra: These people are essentially Jack of all trades. They are the perfect examples of Manager. knows stuff on the top layer doesn't know
indepth technical how it works. These guys are very manipulative and know whom to push down to get work done.

27. Vaidhriti:

